Publish issue 14 (#26)
AMWA-TV/nmos-edid-connection-management: docs/1.0. Architecture.md

| Sequence Step | Description | Notes |
| ---  | ---         | ---         |
| 1: Read EDID | The IPMX Control System reads the EDID from the HDMI Physical Destination. | |
| 2: Parse EDID | The HDMI Device Controller parses the raw EDID file. | During this internal processing, various required JSONs are composed based on schemas for IS-04 receivers caps. |
| 3: Update IS-XX Destination | The IPMX Device Controller updates the IS-XX Destination resource using EDID info | The destination resource associated with the IPMX Device Controller’s IS-XX API includes such information as Manufacturer, Serial Id, etc for the HDMI Monitor. Details provided in a WIP schema area. |
| 4: Update Receivers | The IPMX Device Controller updates the IS-04 Receivers with extended receiver caps. | |

##### NMOS IS-04 IS-05 Perspective

Once the IPMX Encoder and Decoder Gateways have come online and processed the EDID information as shown in Figures 5 and 6 the system is ready to process IS-05 connections.

> Figure 7 shows a sequence diagram for setting up a connection between an IPMX Encoder and two IPMX Decoders. In this illustration the Pro AV Person requests via an IPMX Device Control System that an output stream from the IPMX Encoder is sent to two IPMX Decoders. Table 3 describes the steps with details.

Reviewer: I think this was the _broadcast controller_

```suggestion
Figure 7 shows a sequence diagram for setting up a connection between an IPMX Encoder and two IPMX Decoders. In this illustration the Pro AV Person requests via an IPMX Control System configures an output stream from the IPMX Encoder is sent to two IPMX Decoders. Table 3 describes the steps with details.
```
